I have been asked to repeat the paradox of
life
and there goes
they say that I believe the donkey and told him
it will be donkey
you work from sunrise to sunset
and it will load on your back what it puts you
and you will live 35 years and the donkey answered
Sir
I will be everything you ask but 35 years
much
because the best will go
and god created the donkey
then I believe the dog and said you will be
dog will take care of the men's house
you will see what they give you and you will live 25 years
and the dog replied sr
I will be everything you ask but 25 years is
much
because the best 15
and god created the dog
then he created the monkey and said he will be cute
for antics to amuse others
and you will live 10 years
and the happy monkey sir be in everything
ask me but maybe I much
because no better yes
I believe the monkey finally created the
man and told him you'll be the most
smart of the earth
you will dominate the world you will live 30 years
and the man answered sir
I will be everything I ask but 31 is little
because they do not give me also the 15 that
rejected the donkey
and the days that the dog stepped on
and the five that do not accept the monkey
and I believe man
and this is how man lives 30 years
as men then he marries and lives 15
years as a donkey working from sunrise to sunset
and carrying on his back the weight of
the family
then they retire
live 10 years as dogs
taking care of the house eating what they give
and ends up living five years as a monkey
jumping from house to house of children and
doing antics to amuse the
grandchildren and this is the paradox of life
and me
and I know I wanted to tell